README.md, before:

# RC_leaderboard

Rocket.Chat Leaderboard for GSoC aspirants. Build using Django Framework in Python3. 
Register yourself and see your position on leaderboard based on the Commits, Issues and PRs, submitted by you on any repo of Rocket.Chat.

Happy Coding.

## Running the Project Locally

First, clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shubhsherl/RC_leaderboard.git
```

Install the requirements:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Add your Github Auth Token in `RC_leaderboard/setting.py`

*PS: If you have issues installing either `gunicorn` or `psycopg2`, you can remove them from the requirements.txt file and run the command again.*

Create the database:

```bash
python manage.py migrate
```

Finally, run the development server:

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

## Admin Setup

First, create a super User:

```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

Run the project, and open admin({url}/admin) page:

Login using the created superuser.

Add/Remove user to GSoC list using action in Core>Users.

The project will be available at **127.0.0.1:8000**.

Commit message:

Add screenshot and minor edits

README.md, after:


# Rocket.Chat GSoC Contributions Leaderboard

![Rocket.Chat GSoC Contributions Leaderboard screenshot](https://github.com/Sing-Li/bbug/blob/master/images/leaderboard.png)

See your position on leaderboard based on the Commits, Issues and PRs, submitted by you across the repositories of Rocket.Chat (or other GSoC organization).

Happy Coding.

## Running the Project Locally

First, clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shubhsherl/RC_leaderboard.git
```

Install the requirements:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Add your Github Auth Token in `RC_leaderboard/setting.py`

*PS: If you have issues installing either `gunicorn` or `psycopg2`, you can remove them from the requirements.txt file and run the command again.*

Create the database:

```bash
python manage.py migrate
```

Finally, run the development server:

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

## Admin Setup

First, create a super User:

```bash
python manage.py createsuperuser
```

Run the project, and open admin({url}/admin) page:

Login using the created superuser.

Add/Remove user to GSoC list using action in Core>Users.

The project will be available at **127.0.0.1:8000**.
